Good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me.
I was out praying today and I was talking to the Lord, just getting direction for this channel and listening, being quiet, listening about the economy and where we are.
He said, 'Brandon, you don't realize, but I've assembled some of the greatest prayer warriors of this generation on this channel, and there are a lot of you who are veterans that have been praying for decades and know how to pray.
' He said, 'Brandon, I've called you to come on here and lead them into prayer.
They know more than you—a lot of them know more than you—but they're here to pray with you.
I've assembled them here to pray with you.
' It was like a slap in the head, just like 'duh,' you know?
The words that He's giving me, folks—the words that He's talking to me about regarding the great shaking, the great awakening, the economy, and the shelves—they are things to pray about.
I'm getting pieces; I'm getting corrected, y'all.
So, I'm just letting you all in on my world.
He said to me, 'I've called you to be a prophetic intercessor.
' He came to me and said, 'Brandon, look at these trade wars going on right now.
I told you about these back in 2023 to warn you.
' He said, 'So what are you going to do about it?
' That was several days ago, about a week or so ago, and I said, 'Well, I guess I'll bring it and start praying over it.
' The moment we started to attack that in the spirit realm, it started to shift and change.
The Lord said to me, 'Look at the fruit of what you're doing.
There's fruit in what I've called you to do.
Look, they're all of a sudden in Switzerland talking.
' All these weeks have gone by, and if there's a trade war, there's going to be a deficit.
There are going to be empty shelves, folks.
I just took it as, 'Well, that's going to happen; it's set in stone.
' There will be prescription shortages throughout America and you won't be able to get your medicine.
So, when we started praying against that, look what happened with the prescription medicines.
Donald Trump said today, 'Hey, we're going to lower the price of prescriptions and make them inexpensive for you—some of them by 80%.
' We started praying into prescriptions and they suddenly started dropping in price.
He starts doing stuff with prescription medicines—not a shortage, but God's trying to bless His people as we started praying for them.
Then China and America start saying, 'Hey, we're going to negotiate in Switzerland.
' All these major things start happening as these great prayer warriors assemble together praying.
I'm sorry, folks.
I don't want to be critical of anybody until I look at my own life and say, 'Lord, forgive me for being ignorant.
' He shows me these things and I've said, 'Well, it's to pray about it.
' No, really, seriously, Goofy—you're supposed to really pray about this stuff.
After he showed me the change in that, he said, 'Pray for Trump and what's going to happen in the Middle East.
' There are major things that will happen with digital assets.
You need to pray over these things that will not be released all at once, but they're working on something for a wealth transfer.
I told you Saudi Arabia and the Middle East will rise up out of the ashes.
They'll become the superpowers of the earth.
What started in the Middle East with the Garden of Eden will finish in the Middle East.
Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Israel, Turkey, and Egypt will start to rise up financially on the global stage.
I've warned you about this.
I'm going to play a clip for you right now, and I want you to think about what the Spirit of the Lord warned us back in 2024.
I told you that Putin had those playing cards and was looking behind them.
He was devising a plan, watching over the next four years to strategize like a poker game to dominate the world stage with the BRICS nations.
During their Russia Day celebration, he invited Venezuela.
I warned you about Venezuela.
'Oh, poor Venezuela, come up out of there.
We'll bring you into the BRICS.
' Cuba, Iran, North Korea, China, and all these other nations that have been the outcasts.
'Come in, brothers.
You've been outcasts.
Let's join up together and create our own global currency and global financial system.
' I saw these men behind closed doors devising an evil plan of how they could rise up.
Some of these people are very evil, communist men.
Look at Kim Jong-un; he is a very evil man.
Look at how he treats his people.
You see Iran, Venezuela, and Cuba.
These people are outcasts for a reason.
They're going to Russia for a secret meeting.
Look at the faces that I warned you were going to be there.
This was back in 2024.
In Moscow today, a show of force.
Vladimir Putin's Russia ties victory over Germany to today's confrontation with the West.
On display is what Moscow considers a new world order: an alliance of autocracies led by China and Russia with the help of North Korea.
Russia has been and will continue to be an indestructible wall against Nazism, Russophobia, and anti-Semitism.
Yesterday, Putin and Xi Jinping further cemented what they call their 'no limits' partnership.
They released a joint statement pledging to decisively counter Washington's dual containment and demanding a Ukraine settlement that eliminates its root causes.
China will join Russia in shouldering a special responsibility and promote an equal and orderly multipolar world.
And that just shows that they're standing back to back and supporting each other in this order that used to be America-centered and now it's increasingly up for grabs.
Alexander Gabuev directs the Carnegie Russia Eurasia Center and says Xi Jinpin and Putin cannot be separated and believe time is on their side.
The arrival of Donald Trump brings in itself a lot of unpredictability but also a lot of opportunities for them.
Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin feel very emboldened and they know that working together is the surest way to deliver this post-Pax Americana, a new multipolar world order where they will be standing tall, dominating their respective regions.
Now we're back and look at that.
I told you all that this was coming, that Putin was devising a plan.
So much so that they had to put a roof over them so that the drones couldn't fly in, making sure that those terrorist people...
Oh, and then he said al-Qaeda is no longer labeled a terrorist organization to the Russian people.
They no longer care.
That means all of Afghanistan, the outcasts in Afghanistan, are now becoming brothers with Russia.
'Oh, we'll invite you in.
We're going to make it a law that you're no longer going to be terrorist organizations because the West calls you that.
You're going to be our friends.
' They're trying to make buddies.
Do you see that?
Just like the Lord said they would.
And I saw them rising up as a beast system with Saudi Arabia in the days ahead.
And I heard the prince of Saudi Arabia say, 'I will put America underneath my boot.
' He's playing two-faced.
Yes, there are trillion-dollar deals being done.
Yes, they want to pump their economy up in the Middle East with that long, skinny-looking building.
They're building that with that one tower or one world or whatever they're calling it, that weird-looking structure that they're putting through the desert.
They're doing all these things and they know it's going to take funding for that.
But folks, they're getting ready for the beast system with digital dollars, digital platforms, digital crypto, digital everything.
And it's all getting set up for the end times.
So we're doing our job, and we're seeing prayer change things.
And I'm just encouraged today by it.
But as we see them assemble and go over in the Middle East, then Putin said, 'Oh, I don't want the peace agreement.
I don't want to stop the fighting and all the stuff going on with Ukraine.
We're not going to do that yet.
' He called it off after 30 days because he didn't like what they were saying.
I told you there would be an uprising.
I saw that missile, whatever it is, that will be used in Warsaw, Poland; it was a very serious counter-strike to a decision that's being made now.
Is that still on the table?
I believe so.
Because as time goes by, as all this is going on...
I had somebody send me an email saying, 'Hey, China actually developed a thing that's worse than a nuclear missile.
' And this is actually, since they're being buddies with Russia, this is something that we've never seen before being used on this earth.
And this sucker is bad.
This thing is very, very destructive.
So we see these things in the spirit that are trying to come to pass through China, through Russia, through North Korea.
And I said as we see a China that is desperate, they use North Korea as a pawn to be the ones that are like the...
because they're already social pariahs, they would use them in the days ahead to try to inflict a Pearl Harbor event.
So we have our prayer assignments to stop war is what I'm trying to say.
I rehearse all this to tell you these are more prayer assignments for you that are seasoned to go after it and let's stop this.
But let's turn this economy more.
Today was a rally.
We saw a massive gain.
This is the golden window.
Do you understand?
This is the window that the Lord is talking about saying, 'Brandon, pray for a window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
' Now, if you've had certain stocks today, I guess I don't know, I don't own stocks, but I'm sure there's some people that made quite a bit of money today because they went up a whole bunch, right?
And we saw crypto start to go way up and it started going up and you see it go 50 cents on some and everything else and you go, 'Whoa, today's been a good day for some people.
' So, not everybody if you don't have that stuff, but it's still interesting to watch.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to give you a golden age, a window of opportunity.
' And I saw Ronald Reagan's face.
And Brandon, we've studied this out; whenever the Lord showed us Ronald, he showed me Ronald Reagan's face and I saw the Berlin Wall and those things and the graffiti on the wall.
There's so much that the Lord is saying.
I said, 'Lord, what are you trying to say about Berlin?
What are you saying about Germany?
What are you saying about Trump's face fading into Ronald Reagan's face and doing the things that I've seen it in the natural?
' I'm going, 'What is this?
' But I know it has to do with the 80s movement, the 80s decade of how that all transferred and all that time frame.
It was a changing time frame from the Cold War and all the things that were going on.
So I know we're in a new time frame for these four years.
And people said, 'Brandon, I thought you said the Lord was coming.
' I said, 'Watch the Shmita cycle.
' I'm looking for the Shmita cycle.
Study Jonathan Cahn and Mark Biltz.
A four-year window.
The four-year window ends in 2028, the end of Trump's presidency.
The Lord said, 'I'm giving you a four-year window to pray over, to bring in a harvest of souls, for a great shaking will take place in this season, Brandon, for a major harvest.
' You'll see this.
And he talked to me about the plague.
He talked to me about the things coming with this virus.
Folks, I'm telling you that's something that's very serious to pray about, this virus.
It's very serious.
It's a bubonic plague, like Black Death serious virus.
This is something that there's part of me I know there are some things that we can't stop and there's some things we can, and the Lord said we can lessen things.
We can lessen it.
Whenever Sister Billie Brim asked me, she said, 'Brandon, can we stop the economy crash in 2025?
' whenever we saw, 'Can we stop it?
' And in 2024, that October when I was standing on the stage at the prayer conference, I felt by the Spirit of the Lord, he said, 'No, we can lessen it, but we can pray into it.
' And I really believe after the more I prayed into it, the Lord came to me: 'Brandon, believers can change anything if you really put your faith to it and hit this thing.
' We can delay things.
There's a lot of things that can happen.
Well, we did.
And the Lord told us, 'I'm going to give you a window.
' And we saw the birthing pains of it starting to try to happen with the globalists and all the stuff going on with the economy then.
And then it shot up with crypto, all these things.
You see this new era of time, this new like a Ronald Reagan time from January, February, March, April, May, now almost June, we see a new...
it's like a new movie screen, a changing of the tide, a new global something.
And you see what's going on.
We're going to make America great again.
We see it.
He's putting the pieces back together of the rocket ship.
It's all happening before your face.
It doesn't work as good as what it could, but it's building back for what he had because of how bad the debt was, how bad things were.
And he was thinking with an anointed mind like Solomon on how to fix things.
Remember I told you all these things.
And I saw him lining up with Israel trying to help Israel out, and we saw another hostage released today.
There are so many things happening all at once.
So, let's take communion and pray.
So, Father, we lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you took all sickness and disease for us.
And Father, we lift up this body and we're so thankful for what you did for us.
And we thank you, Father, that we receive it by faith.
Everything you set out to do, God, you accomplished on that cross for us.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we take this body by faith and we receive it.
And we thank you, Lord, according to Galatians, that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
So, Father, we lift up the blood, and if we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that we confess our sins, and you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we take this blood before we enter in by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We thank you, Lord, that we're redeemed.
We're redeemed from the curse of the law.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Mentally, emotionally, physically, financially, we are healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood right now.
Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
It's the blood that never loses its power.
One drop of blood, he saved us from all of it.
Thank you, Lord.
He saved us.
He delivered us.
He made us whole and healed and well.
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health.
For poverty, wealth.
For Christ has ransomed me.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health.
For poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
Christ paid the price of the broken law.
He paid the price for me.
Do you understand?
He paid the price for you and me.
We don't have to be under the curse anymore.
We don't have to live underneath the curse of the law.
Galatians says, 'And Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
' So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for what you did for us.
Thank you, Lord, that you've redeemed us by the blood of the lamb.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Now, Father, I lift up President Trump before you.
We enter into the throne room.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
There's a great turnaround coming in the spirit realm for us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are supernatural manifestations and demonstrations of the glory on us.
For as he is, so are we in this world.
And we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we say we're blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
Father, we can do all things through Christ who gives us strength.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for your greater works.
Thank you, Lord, that we'll do those greater works.
Thank you, Lord, that you called us for such a time as this to pray and to lift up the name of Jesus throughout all the world.
And you, Father, you said to go into all the world, preach the gospel, and then the end will come.
We thank you, Lord, that we're the greatest generation that ever lived in this earth to bring in the greatest harvest of souls all for the glory of God.
We thank you, Lord, that we're anointed and appointed for such a time as this.
Father, we're not going to shrink back as cowards, but Father, we're taking the land for Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Now I just saw that when I was praying this right then I started seeing over to pray for England and the persecution for the Christians.
Now I see by the spirit of the Lord when I'm talking to you all about the stinger of the scorpion that I saw in the spirit about King Charles and the scorpion tail that went from England to Canada.
And the spirit of the Lord is showing me this is about persecution of witchcraft concerning Christians and suppressing freedom of speech and religion.
And this is a spirit that will be connected to Canada and Australia, not so much in Australia.
It will try to take root a little bit, but we will attack this and say no to this.
As I saw it stretch into Canada, this will bring forth more of a suppression of not being able to talk out and say things in public places about freedom of religion and talking about Jesus, praying and doing things like how they're trying to shut it down in England.
But this is a spirit that's coming from the king that I saw.
There was a scorpion tail and it tried to strike Canada, strike Australia.
Now, how he has influence, I have no idea, but I saw it was a spirit that was connected to the throne.
Does it make sense?
I saw this.
So, we pray for Canada.
There will be uprisings in the days ahead with Canadians saying, 'You're not stealing our freedom to be able to talk about Jesus.
' Okay, you know what, folks?
What I just saw about King Charles and that stinger tail, the Lord said, 'Don't attack this with English.
You need to pray in tongues over this.
' So, I'm not going to attack this in English.
I'm going to pray in the spirit for a perfect prayer because this needs to be strategic in how you pray.
I don't want to get into the flesh and pray anything out of whack because this is how serious this is because of who he is and what I saw in the spirit about him right then.
And so I'm not going to attack it with English.
I'm going to pray in the spirit and it will come right up out of our spirits and God's going to lead us on how to pray for this, and you pray with me in the spirit if you know how.
So, Father, we lift up this before you and we thank you, Lord, that we are going to stop whatever we can with this.
And we know we have authority.
We have authority and we're going to maneuver this around and we're going to expose the darkness and we're going to bring forth light that we can get the gospel in England, we can get it in all these areas because I see it trying to go in these areas and we're not going to have it in Canada and we're not going to have it in Australia and we're not going to have it spread throughout all of Europe.
We're not going to have this because we're going to preach the gospel and the end will come.
Persecution comes for the word's sake, but we're not going to allow that, right?
That's what we're going to believe for.
So, we're going to pray in the spirit for a good 15 minutes.
And if the Lord shows us anything, that's what we're going to do.
Father, you lead, I follow.
You lead, I follow.
Do the dance like you taught me before.
Father, we dance.
We dance.
We follow the dance.
Don't rush it.
Now I'm seeing an old English-style house like an old English manor; it looks like green trees are trying to cover it up and hide it in the forest.
Now I don't know what that means but I'm going to go with it for a minute and see what the Lord's showing me here.
It's like an old England, going all the way back.
And now I see the Lord showing me old roofs.
Old straw roofs.
It's like the dark ages.
The very freedoms you take for granted, the very freedoms you don't hold fast to, you lose.
You hold fast to it.
It comes with a price.
Freedom comes with a price.
And over generations, the ones that take it for granted, the enemy comes in to put that same boot of pressure from like in the dark ages going all the way back into the dark ages.
I see it going clear back that there was a bout of heaviness, this darkness that was on the people, which they fought to get out from underneath.
They got out from underneath that heaviness.
They fought for it, for revival comes out of a heavy, dark time.
A lot of times, I'm seeing this by the Spirit of the Lord, revival comes out of oppression.
It comes out of people who have said, 'Enough's enough,' fighting for the freedoms that they once had, fighting for freedoms that people tried to take from you.
It's almost like you're going through a desert spiritually.
You feel it as you're praying into England.
As I'm praying into England, as I'm praying into a freshness—like you're going through the Mojave Desert—it's like you can feel the dryness there.
I can feel it.
It's like you're pushing for that fresh water over those people.
I can feel it as you're pushing against that, saying no to King Charles and that demonic influence holding back the religion, holding back like a stronghold trying to keep the Gospel out from their ears.
But when I'm pushing, it's like pushing through mud.
Does that make sense to you all?
We call forth the living water today for the young Davids to rise up in England and it goes clear into Ireland.
I'm seeing Ireland right now.
Nothing is too far gone.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'It goes clear into France.
This tentacle goes clear into France.
Now it goes into Germany.
' I'm praying over the new Prime Minister of Canada.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'If you're praying for England, you're sowing seeds for your country.
You're sowing seeds of revival.
When you're believing for somebody else's need, you're sowing seeds for your need.
As you pray in the spirit for yours, you might say, "Well, this doesn't have anything to do with me.
I live in Poland.
That doesn't have anything to do with me.
" No.
You're sowing seeds by faith into what you're praying for and you'll reap a harvest for your country as you sow into it.
Do you understand?
I'm hearing this by the Spirit of the Lord.
So, you're praying for Canada, Australia, and England, but not only are you helping them, you're reaping back fruit for America, China, Asia, and all over Africa.
You're praying and believing, and as you help lift a brother out, you're sowing for yourself because God sees it.
It's coming up out of your spirit.
God hears it all; He knows it, and it all comes out.
Do not say, "Well, this is a waste.
" No, you're believing for your brother and sister, and you're sowing on behalf of them.
That's what you're doing right now.
We're turning this in the spirit realm because it starts going like tentacles, and we don't give up.
We say, "We're believing for revival all over the world.
" It's because people have not had a backbone to stand for the Word.
Preachers have lost their salt.
When you lose your salt, people don't get thirsty because salt causes us to draw for the living water.
And if that living water is not being dished out because you lost your saltiness, that's what happens.
Then this demonic blanket tries to come in over these nations to suffocate the Gospel.
I see it when I'm going into it.
I saw those English houses with the straw roofs and the old Tudor style homes with ivy growing.
It was all trying to grow up around them and suffocate the life out of these houses.
It was like the Dark Ages.
They're trying to bury it.
When you have shrubbery and things grow up around a house, it means nobody is taking care of it.
You're losing ground because it's being buried.
Christianity is trying to be buried by foliage.
The Dark Ages are trying to come back over England.
Maybe there's a lot more to this—why there's green and shrubbery all around these houses.
I know that means life, but at the same time, it means there's no maintenance.
Somebody needs to prune it back and make it look nice because it's not being maintained by the body of Christ.
No, we're going to have revival.
There needs to be more prayer.
All's not lost.
There's a new wave coming.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain coming.
The enemy thought he won, but I'm going to bring one more wave that's coming.
It will go from sea to shining sea.
All throughout Europe, you will see the glory of the Lord rise upon you.
The glory of the Lord is risen on you.
Arise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
And now I see upon a wall a spout of water shooting out of this wall.
It's the clearest looking water coming out of this wall, from the very foundation of the Word.
All throughout Europe, all throughout the land.
It's not a coincidence.
You see the great shaking that will bring you to your knees.
Pope Francis went home on Easter; this was a sign.
I see Notre-Dame in France.
I see the bells ringing in France.
They are ringing all throughout the land.
I see great revival spreading throughout Africa.
As far as the eye can see, the greatest harvest you will see.
All over Africa, you will see a great revival.
I see witch doctors and satanic practices; I see them burning their witchcraft and their satanic rituals in barrels.
They're giving their hearts to Jesus.
I see them burning witchcraft.
Witch doctors are getting afraid.
Coming from the earth, I see gold deposits.
I see gold and jewels coming out of the ground.
I see gold.
I see gold and emeralds.
The emeralds are on top of the gold—green stones upon the gold.
I see old mesquite trees and sandy soil.
There are believers who are believing for this wealth transfer.
They are asking the Lord for the wealth transfer, and I see the Lord is leading them to the gold deposits and emeralds.
I see gold.
Do they even have gold and emeralds in Africa?
I see emeralds the size of your fist—huge, massive stones that have never been seen before.
Gold nuggets and gold deposits are being found in the land, with emeralds the size of baseballs.
Massive, purest emeralds.
I see a lot of corruption around this.
These people are like pirates—evil men who have taken this wealth from the people, keeping money from them.
There is so much poverty.
In this poverty, there are African cartels, like the drug cartels from Mexico.
They have hidden the wealth.
But I see this ground owned by ministers who are secretly digging and finding these deposits.
They are dealing with this discreetly so they don't tell the cartels; they don't want to let on that they have this.
But it is God's provision in the time of drought and famine in Africa for these ministers.
Don't give up.
In your time of fasting, praying, and seeking Me, He is showing you the secret things of the earth.
It will come as a river.
I even see water in places of great drought coming from the earth—water of provision, real drinking water coming forth out of springs.
Supernatural water reserves are coming up out of the earth for you where you say, 'Well, there's no water here.
How can we base a church out of here?
' The water is there, and where the water is, the people will come.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say He is bringing you water out of the earth, and there will be revival around this water.
A natural water He will provide to bring the living water to your tribe.
Do you hear what I say to you by the Spirit of the Lord today?
A supernatural water is coming for great things out of the depths of the earth.
We call forth the water, for this will bring forth a living water where you'll never thirst again.
Where there is water, there is life.
There will be water coming forth out of natural springs in these dry places, and it will be an oasis.
The body of Christ will be on it, and the people will come.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Oh Father, we call that water out of the ground.
' Wells of living water!
Great revival in Africa!
Emeralds and gold will be the supply for food and water.
You will bring it in.
He is going to give you favor on who to do business with to cash in the gold and emeralds so that you are not caught off guard or hurt by people.
You must use wisdom on who you tell when you find these gold deposits.
It is almost like it is just laying out on the ground.
God is going to provide supernaturally for you.
It is going to raise up the churches; they are going to be places of provision for great revival, and it will spread throughout Africa.
You say there has been such a drought and no provision.
God is bringing provision, just like He did for the children of Israel in the wilderness when their clothes never tore or became tattered.
There was an abundant supply of manna and quail each day.
A rock even sprung forth water.
God is going to bring water in the desert.
It is not rain; it is coming right out of the ground, bubbling up.
People will come for the water and they will get living water.
Hallelujah.
I don't know who I am talking to, but I rejoice with you.
Gold in the least likely place, a place that is desolate and considered a wasteland.
But it is not.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
We call it so in the name of Jesus.
Praise the Lord.
We could go on with this for quite a while.
We can pick up again tomorrow.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
Man, when I start singing like that, I am excited for you.
I am excited for my brothers and sisters in Africa and for England.
There is going to be a new wave, a new river.
Get ready for a change in the tide.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Jesus.
We pray this video blessed you today.
If you are new here, please subscribe.
We are believing for a million-person prayer army to reach the nations for Jesus and pray for these end times.
We are getting closer to 600,000 every day.
Right now, we are aiming for 540,000, then 550,000.
Subscribe if you haven't, click the notification bell, click the like button, and comment something nice to help us with the algorithm.
We truly appreciate your support and your prayers for my family.
We have been going through some stuff lately, but I am standing, and I know that God is standing with me.
I am not moved by what the devil tries to do.
So, we always put a smile on our face and a song in our heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you too.
God bless you all.
See you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.